fix(microsoft-foundry): `azd provision --no-state` on golden path (#2694)
microsoft/GitHub-Copilot-for-Azure: plugin/skills/microsoft-foundry/foundry-agent/create/quick-start-hosted.md

### Step 9 — Provision Azure resources

```bash
azd provision --no-state --no-prompt
```

> `--no-state` ignores prior deployment state; it's safe here because Step 5 always creates a fresh azd environment with no prior state to reuse.

Author: step 5 does create new env

> `--no-state` ignores prior deployment state; it's safe here because Step 5 always creates a fresh azd environment with no prior state to reuse.

Reviewer: Step 5 recommends `<project>-<random6>` but also permits bare `<project>` "only when you're confident the name has never been used," so "always" is slightly optimistic. Consider:

```suggestion
`--no-state` skips the existing-deployment check; safe here because the golden path starts from a fresh environment (Step 5) with no prior state.
```
